I'd buy a drink yeah I'd love one
so
I'm Gary
I'm Celeste it takes forever to get a
drink around here there's only one
Morris no don't go guys body oh they're
fine I mean you just got here
you help yourself
you like bourbon I love it we got that
out of the way tell me so last word he
do for a living I'm a sales rep and I
came here to call in a customer but they
gave me a hard time cuz I'm a girl
is that how you think yourself as a
salesman it's a girl you don't have a
problem with it I like your hair like
your outfit but actually this is my
second favorite outfit I had a first
favorite but it got ruined and I had to
get rid of it you did it smelled really
having it clean didn't help No
so tell me Gary what do you do further
or do you want to go with this but yet
don't say anything yet I don't think it
works for somebody else Gary so last
were they know about anything well this
is your game I've never played before
I'm not a game not something you play
well does this make any sense to you
doesn't have to something that happens
it's like seeing someone for the first
time like you could be passing on the
street and you look at each other for a
few seconds there's kind of a
recognition you both know something the
next moment the person's gone and and
it's too late to do anything about it
you always remember it because it was
there and you let it go and you think to
yourself what if I had stopped what if I
had said something
what if
I may only have a few times in your life
hormones